docs: LLD and liquid classes (#19806)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/flex/docs/touchscreen/quick-transfer.md

Author: I was reviewing the liquid classes in QT [designs](https://www.figma.com/design/RcHb9UdygVtyXcvDcDmnTP/Feature--Liquid-Classes?node-id=244-26058&p=f&t=P60crRu8NNjWdHjt-0) to see if there were any changes we need to make to our screenshots. Short answer- no, but "pipette path" doesn't look like it's included in advanced settings? so maybe we should remove it from this table.

Reviewer: It's under Overview, not under the Aspirate or Dispense settings. Which also means you can't change it 😖 

So yeah, probably remove from the table.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dbfad38-9c33-4e38-b3cc-8b25572d1adf

Author: github isn't loading this, but I removed pipette path here.

Creating a quick transfer involves selecting a pipette and appropriate tips. Quick transfer can use any 1-, 8-, or 96-channel pipette that's attached to the robot. When selecting a pipette tip, try to match the tip to a pipette of the same capacity or larger. For best performance, use the smallest tips that can hold the amount of liquid you need to aspirate.

> Beginning with v8.6.0, you can apply Opentrons-verified liquid class setttings in a quick transfer. After choosing your pipette and tips, select the aqueous, viscous, or volatile liquid class to increase pipetting accuracy.

Author: change to "version 8.6.0" to match elsewhere in the manual

Reviewer: Clarify which software we're specifying a version for here. And typo.
```suggestion
Beginning with robot software version 8.6.0, you can apply Opentrons-verified liquid class settings in a quick transfer. After choosing your pipette and tips, select the aqueous, viscous, or volatile liquid class to increase pipetting accuracy.
```
